br/com/desafio_java/controller/EquipamentoController.java
 br.com.desafio_java.controller.EquipamentoController
br/com/desafio_java/dto/ClientePostDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.ClientePostDto
br/com/desafio_java/dto/AcompanhamentoPostDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.AcompanhamentoPostDto
br/com/desafio_java/service/ServiceAbstrata.java
 br.com.desafio_java.service.ServiceAbstrata
br/com/desafio_java/controller/ColaboradorController.java
 br.com.desafio_java.controller.ColaboradorController
br/com/desafio_java/mapper/EntidadeMapper.java
 br.com.desafio_java.mapper.EntidadeMapper
br/com/desafio_java/model/Colaborador.java
 br.com.desafio_java.model.Colaborador
br/com/desafio_java/exception/RegistroNaoEncontradoException.java
 br.com.desafio_java.exception.RegistroNaoEncontradoException
br/com/desafio_java/dto/OrdemServicoGetDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.OrdemServicoGetDto
br/com/desafio_java/repository/ColaboradorRepository.java
 br.com.desafio_java.repository.ColaboradorRepository
br/com/desafio_java/repository/ClienteRepository.java
 br.com.desafio_java.repository.ClienteRepository
br/com/desafio_java/DesafioJavaApplication.java
 br.com.desafio_java.DesafioJavaApplication
br/com/desafio_java/service/ClienteService.java
 br.com.desafio_java.service.ClienteService
br/com/desafio_java/enums/EnumStatusAcompanhamento.java
 br.com.desafio_java.enums.EnumStatusAcompanhamento
br/com/desafio_java/repository/EquipamentoRepository.java
 br.com.desafio_java.repository.EquipamentoRepository
br/com/desafio_java/service/EquipamentoService.java
 br.com.desafio_java.service.EquipamentoService
br/com/desafio_java/model/EntidadeAuditavel.java
 br.com.desafio_java.model.EntidadeAuditavel
br/com/desafio_java/model/Cliente.java
 br.com.desafio_java.model.Cliente
br/com/desafio_java/model/Equipamento.java
 br.com.desafio_java.model.Equipamento
br/com/desafio_java/mapper/ColaboradorMapper.java
 br.com.desafio_java.mapper.ColaboradorMapper
br/com/desafio_java/dto/OrdemServicoUpdateDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.OrdemServicoUpdateDto
br/com/desafio_java/service/ColaboradorService.java
 br.com.desafio_java.service.ColaboradorService
br/com/desafio_java/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 br.com.desafio_java.config.SwaggerConfig
br/com/desafio_java/dto/ColaboradorPostDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.ColaboradorPostDto
br/com/desafio_java/dto/EquipamentoPostDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.EquipamentoPostDto
br/com/desafio_java/dto/OrdemServicoPostDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.OrdemServicoPostDto
br/com/desafio_java/controller/ClienteController.java
 br.com.desafio_java.controller.ClienteController
br/com/desafio_java/mapper/ClienteMapper.java
 br.com.desafio_java.mapper.ClienteMapper
br/com/desafio_java/service/ServiceAbstrataImpl.java
 br.com.desafio_java.service.ServiceAbstrataImpl
br/com/desafio_java/dto/AcompanhamentoUpdateDto.java
 br.com.desafio_java.dto.AcompanhamentoUpdateDto
br/com/desafio_java/repository/OrdemServicoRepository.java
 br.com.desafio_java.repository.OrdemServicoRepository
br/com/desafio_java/enums/EnumSetor.java
 br.com.desafio_java.enums.EnumSetor
br/com/desafio_java/mapper/EquipamentoMapper.java
 br.com.desafio_java.mapper.EquipamentoMapper
br/com/desafio_java/model/OrdemServico.java
 br.com.desafio_java.model.OrdemServico
br/com/desafio_java/model/Acompanhamento.java
 br.com.desafio_java.model.Acompanhamento
br/com/desafio_java/mapper/OrdemServicoMapper.java
 br.com.desafio_java.mapper.OrdemServicoMapper
br/com/desafio_java/repository/AcompanhamentoRepository.java
 br.com.desafio_java.repository.AcompanhamentoRepository
br/com/desafio_java/controller/OrdemServicoController.java
 br.com.desafio_java.controller.OrdemServicoController
br/com/desafio_java/service/OrdemServicoService.java
 br.com.desafio_java.service.OrdemServicoService
br/com/desafio_java/service/AcompanhamentoService.java
 br.com.desafio_java.service.AcompanhamentoService
br/com/desafio_java/controller/AcompanhamentoController.java
 br.com.desafio_java.controller.AcompanhamentoController
